README.md, before:

# KabelNewMedia

## Kabel New Media AG, Hamburg 
- Website: www.kabel.de
- Adresse: Schanzenstr. 70, D-20357 Hamburg
- Amtsgericht Hamburg HRB 70531
- EUID: DEK1101R.HRB70531

### Gegenstand
Strategische Beratung, Konzeptentwicklung, Design und Realisation interaktiver computergestützter 
Kommunikationssysteme sowie zugehörige Dienstleistungen und Handelsgeschäfte. Ausgenommen sind 
erlaubnispflichtige Tätigkeiten. Die Gesellschaft übt das operative Geschäft über ihre hundertprozentige 
Tochtergesellschaft Kabel New Media, Gesellschaft für computergestützte Kommunikation mbH oder über 
zukünftige weitere Tochtergesellschaften aus. Sie darf zur Ausgliederung bereits bestehender
Geschäftsbereiche der Kabel New Media, Gesellschaft für computergestütze Kommunikation mbH sowie
zur Erweiterung bestehender oder zum Aufbau neuer Geschäftsbereiche weitere Tochtergesellschaften
gründen oder erwerben

## Short history
Kabel New Media AG, based in Hamburg, was a well-known German Dorcom full-service agency led by Peter Kabel, 
which became famous in the New Economy through rapid growth and a spectacular stock market listing in 1999, 
but ultimately had to file for bankruptcy in 2001 due to the bursting of the dot-com bubble. The company 
designed websites and complex e-commerce system applications, including SAP integration, acquired many 
companies in Europe, was valued at over a billion euros (unicorn) at times, but lost massive value due to 
the global market crisis and ultimately went bankrupt, with insolvency proceedings being opened in the 
summer of 2001. 

Peter Kabel remained active as a professor at the Hamburg University of Applied Sciences and as an 
investor, while the company itself no longer exists.

## Further information
- https://gsc-research.de/unternehmen/620
- www.horizont.at/digital/news/kabel-new-media-verordnet-sich-restrukturierung-24095
- www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/new-economy-einschneidende-veraenderung-aller-dinge-122544.html
- www.horizont.net/medien/nachrichten/-Kabel-New-Media-strafft-Unternehmensstruktur-und-Vorstandsriege-30050
- www.horizont.at/digital/news/kabel-new-media-stellt-insolvenzantrag-23509
- www.horizont.net/medien/nachrichten/-Kabel-New-Media-akquiriert-K-Web-19735
- https://www.facebook.com/kabelnewmedia/
- https://web.archive.org/web/19961108081054/http:/www.kabel.de/
- https://www.horizont.at/suche/schlagworte/peter-kabel/
- https://www.horizont.at/marketing/news/deutsche-multimedia-nummer-1-kabel-new-media-24218
- https://www.welt.de/print-wams/article127097/Dieser-Mann-ist-Ansichtssache.html
- https://www.netzwoche.ch/news/2014-01-31/insolvenzverfahren-ueber-kabel-new-media-eroeffnet
- to be continued

Commit message:

Add English translation for business purpose
Added English translation for business purpose section.

README.md, after:

# KabelNewMedia

## Kabel New Media AG, Hamburg 
- Website: www.kabel.de
- Adresse: Schanzenstr. 70, D-20357 Hamburg
- Amtsgericht Hamburg HRB 70531
- EUID: DEK1101R.HRB70531

### Gegenstand (DE)
Strategische Beratung, Konzeptentwicklung, Design und Realisation interaktiver computergestützter 
Kommunikationssysteme sowie zugehörige Dienstleistungen und Handelsgeschäfte. Ausgenommen sind 
erlaubnispflichtige Tätigkeiten. Die Gesellschaft übt das operative Geschäft über ihre hundertprozentige 
Tochtergesellschaft Kabel New Media, Gesellschaft für computergestützte Kommunikation mbH oder über 
zukünftige weitere Tochtergesellschaften aus. Sie darf zur Ausgliederung bereits bestehender
Geschäftsbereiche der Kabel New Media, Gesellschaft für computergestütze Kommunikation mbH sowie
zur Erweiterung bestehender oder zum Aufbau neuer Geschäftsbereiche weitere Tochtergesellschaften
gründen oder erwerben

### Business purpose (EN)
Strategic consulting, concept development, design, and implementation of interactive computer-based 
communication systems, as well as related services and commercial transactions. Activities requiring 
a license are excluded. The company conducts its operating business through its wholly owned subsidiary 
Kabel New Media, Gesellschaft für computergestützte Kommunikation mbH, or through future additional 
subsidiaries. It may establish or acquire additional subsidiaries for the purpose of spinning off 
existing business areas of Kabel New Media, Gesellschaft für computergestützte Kommunikation mbH,
as well as for the purpose of expanding existing business areas or establishing new ones.


## Short history
Kabel New Media AG, based in Hamburg, was a well-known German Dorcom full-service agency led by Peter Kabel, 
which became famous in the New Economy through rapid growth and a spectacular stock market listing in 1999, 
but ultimately had to file for bankruptcy in 2001 due to the bursting of the dot-com bubble. The company 
designed websites and complex e-commerce system applications, including SAP integration, acquired many 
companies in Europe, was valued at over a billion euros (unicorn) at times, but lost massive value due to 
the global market crisis and ultimately went bankrupt, with insolvency proceedings being opened in the 
summer of 2001. 

Peter Kabel remained active as a professor at the Hamburg University of Applied Sciences and as an 
investor, while the company itself no longer exists.

## Further information
- https://gsc-research.de/unternehmen/620
- www.horizont.at/digital/news/kabel-new-media-verordnet-sich-restrukturierung-24095
- www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/new-economy-einschneidende-veraenderung-aller-dinge-122544.html
- www.horizont.net/medien/nachrichten/-Kabel-New-Media-strafft-Unternehmensstruktur-und-Vorstandsriege-30050
- www.horizont.at/digital/news/kabel-new-media-stellt-insolvenzantrag-23509
- www.horizont.net/medien/nachrichten/-Kabel-New-Media-akquiriert-K-Web-19735
- https://www.facebook.com/kabelnewmedia/
- https://web.archive.org/web/19961108081054/http:/www.kabel.de/
- https://www.horizont.at/suche/schlagworte/peter-kabel/
- https://www.horizont.at/marketing/news/deutsche-multimedia-nummer-1-kabel-new-media-24218
- https://www.welt.de/print-wams/article127097/Dieser-Mann-ist-Ansichtssache.html
- https://www.netzwoche.ch/news/2014-01-31/insolvenzverfahren-ueber-kabel-new-media-eroeffnet
- to be continued
